README.md, before:

THIS IS ALPHA STUFF :)

see [TODOs](TODO.md)

[![Travis-CI Build Status](https://secure.travis-ci.org/dpree/networkmanager-dbus.png)](https://secure.travis-ci.org/dpree/networkmanager-dbus)

# NetworkManager-Ruby

This library provides a Ruby API to NetworkManager using its DBus Interface.

Written using the NetworkManager DBus API Documentation v0.9

  * [General API](http://projects.gnome.org/NetworkManager/developers/api/09/spec.html)
  * [Details](http://projects.gnome.org/NetworkManager/developers/api/09/ref-settings.html)

## Installation

Please make sure that you have `dbus` and `networkmanager` installed on the machine
were you want to use this library. Remote DBus wasn't tested.

    gem install networkmanager-dbus

## Examples

At the moment this is incomplete. So for now,
please have a look at the `examples` folder and the `specs`.

    require 'networkmanager-dbus'
    NetworkManager.devices.first['Interface'] # => 'eth0' or something similar
    NetworkManager.settings.hostname          # => 'your.host.name'

## Development

Development currently happens from my OSX machine where no dbus/networkmanager
is running. Therefore, i hacked some scripts together to be able to run rspec
over the wire.

On the remote-machine (linux, dbus, networkmanager)

    `script/spec_server`
    
On the local-machine (osx)

    `guard`

# License

Copyright 2011 Jens Bissinger. All rights reserved. [MIT-LICENSE](MIT-LICENSE)

Commit message:

thanks to dcbw and jklimes for helping me out with using SettingsConnection#update the right way

README.md, after:

THIS IS ALPHA STUFF :)

see [TODOs](TODO.md)

[![Travis-CI Build Status](https://secure.travis-ci.org/dpree/networkmanager-dbus.png)](https://secure.travis-ci.org/dpree/networkmanager-dbus)

# NetworkManager-Ruby

This library provides a Ruby API to NetworkManager using its DBus Interface.

Written using the NetworkManager DBus API Documentation v0.9

  * [General API](http://projects.gnome.org/NetworkManager/developers/api/09/spec.html)
  * [Details](http://projects.gnome.org/NetworkManager/developers/api/09/ref-settings.html)

## Installation

Please make sure that you have `dbus` and `networkmanager` installed on the machine
were you want to use this library. Remote DBus wasn't tested.

    gem install networkmanager-dbus

## Examples

At the moment this is incomplete. So for now,
please have a look at the `examples` folder and the `specs`.

    require 'networkmanager-dbus'
    NetworkManager.devices.first['Interface'] # => 'eth0' or something similar
    NetworkManager.settings.hostname          # => 'your.host.name'

## Development

Development currently happens from my OSX machine where no dbus/networkmanager
is running. Therefore, i hacked some scripts together to be able to run rspec
over the wire.

On the remote-machine (linux, dbus, networkmanager)

    `script/spec_server`
    
On the local-machine (osx)

    `guard`

# Thanks

to the guys from IRC channel #nm at irc.freenode.net

   * dbcw
   * jklimes

# License

Copyright 2011 Jens Bissinger. All rights reserved. [MIT-LICENSE](MIT-LICENSE)
